The Joe Rogan experience.
But you know, the, since we're on this topic,
can we talk a little bit of vaccines? Cause I'm,
it's something I've I have seen a lot of misinformation,
like on everywhere,
Facebook on, you know, different news, media outlets. And,
and I think there's really like some, some main ones that,
that I just feel are causing harm.
And so, um, there's really eight of them.
We don't need to talk about all of them, but I think the eight really are that,
you know, SARS, cov two is not that bad. COVID-19 is not that bad.
And, you know,
vaccines basically don't prevent transmission spike protein
from vaccines are cytotoxic. Therefore they're really bad. Um,
that vaccines are gonna cause something called antibody dependent enhancement,
which is going to make you have a more severe disease.
There's the vaccines are gonna cause infertility there's the, um,
vaccines are going to cause a more violent virulent, um, strain or variant.
And then there's one more that, um,
alternatives to vaccines exist right now that are just as good.
And I think that there's a few of those that are really, I mean,
just like blatantly the wrong all of them, I think they're, but I mean,
you know, there's some that are more important than others.
And I think that I would like to talk about them. Um, you know,
I think first and foremost, the there's like two groups of people,
mostly one take things COVID-19 is bad.
Doesn't want to guess once the vaccine and the other one that thinks it's not
that bad and, uh, that the vaccines may be harmful. And there's also.
People vaccines are harmful to anyone. Well.
Of course, I mean.
Do you know anyone that's had bad reactions to vaccines? I.
Personally, interestingly,
the only I've know a lot of people that have gotten vaccinated and the only
person that I know that had something was like,
she had a headache for like a week and a half and then it went away.
Um, oh no, another person I knew had like nausea for like a couple of weeks.
They were like nauseous more, more frequently, but it went away. Um, you know.
You would feel differently if you knew someone that had had a stroke or someone
who's had heart attacks per tap, perhaps young people that have.
Well, I, it's hard to say so, you know,
I do people react differently, obviously when you're giving,
you know, a hundred and more than 169 million people are vaccinated, right?
I mean that's half our adult population is
vaccinated, fully vaccinated with COVID-19 and, um, it's not zero risk.
People are, some people are going to have an adverse reaction and they do.
It's a big world out there. You know,
like if you were to give 169 million people, a peanut or a shellfish,
like some people are going to have very adverse reactions.
Some people are going to die. Like it's, it's a big world, but you know, with,
with the, or the heart attack, you know, you have to like, like,
so if you're trying to compare, for example, let's say, you know,
you're looking at actual COVID-19 deaths and from heart attacks and strokes,
and you're looking at the vaccine, adverse events reporting site there's right.
And, and that as well, you know,
you have to realize that basically in the United States, like in 2017,
there was a publication in the journal of circulation.
Someone dies from cardiovascular disease, every 30 seconds in the United States,
like every 30 seconds.
Most of those people are above the age of 50 and certainly most are above 65,
but every 30 seconds someone's dying from cardiovascular disease.
Every 40 seconds, someone in the United States has a stroke.
Every four minutes, they die from history.
But this is also very, very rare in young people, particularly young,
healthy people. But one thing that has occurred in young,
healthy people that have been vaccinated is mild carditis.
And some people have had blood clots,
like quite a few blood clots and there's speculation, right?
The Salk Institute released that paper about the, uh,
spike protein causing, uh, some sort of deterioration of the blood vessels.
Did you read that?
I look, I've been looking at a lot of the spike protein and.
That's from COVID-19 they're discussing.
It. They're talking about from yeah. From the.
Actual disease itself.
Yes. So, um, you know, first of all, like there,
you have to like, there's, you're, you're,
you're either going to get infected with SARS, cov two,
most people are going to be eventually we're all going to be exposed to it.
So you're either going to be vaccinated when you're exposed to it or not.
And people are dying from heart attacks and blood clots,
and even people are getting mild carditis,
like a hundred full times more than vaccines. Like the,
the myocarditis link from the MRNs specifically,
the MRD vaccines is real.
And I think the last I saw it was like 50 per million,
which is still rare.
And it's two people that I know.
It. So up until then. And actually now that you asked me, um,
I forgot I had a, um, someone who's a, a supporter. Um,
I talked about vaccines in one of my Q and A's I do.
And they went and got it and they were younger and ended up having some kind of
myocarditis. So I do know someone that had ha I don't know them,
but they emailed me.
Now, what happens if you have that? And like, how do you recover from that?
Because it's happening to young people. So myocarditis is caused by two things,
one by inflammation, two by a direct viral infection.
And it's more common in adolescents and young people.
Enlargement of the heart.
It's inflammation of the heart can lead to that. Yeah. But it's,
it's happening in young athletes with COVID-19 like,
and it's happening like more frequently than people that are getting vaccinated.
So it's still like, well, if the person that got vaccinated, look, it is a risk,
but it's still pretty rare. And it also is treatable.
And most they treat it like within a few days. And it's isolated.
Why don't you think that people like there are people that are completely
asymptomatic when they get COVID or if they do get it, it's very mild.
Do you think that's because they have a lower viral load that they've been
infected with, or do you think it's their immune system that fights it off?
Like, what do you think has happened?
It could be any, and all of those things, a combination of them and, you know,
but so like, even if you think, you know,
if you're looking at just like the most extreme part of like the deaths, right.
You know, you've got like over 624,000 deaths and COVID-19,
most of those deaths are happening in people over the age of 50. Um,
and if you look at like.
Most of them have four plus comorbidity factors, right. Isn't that the average?
No, if it's four plus for average, for, I think the co-morbidities increase.
Yeah. I think they.
With the number of comorbidities are in terms of like, uh, the desk,
it used to be 2.6, but I think they raised it to four.
Really the number of them before. Okay, thanks. So.
I might be wrong, but I know it was.
Right. So then there's the argument? Well, I'm healthy.
I don't have comorbidities. Right. I mean, so, so what, what should I do? Like,
should I, you know, get vaccinated or, or should I be exposed to the virus?
And I think there's a lot of evidence and there's multiple lines of evidence.
One, you know,
there are people with mild symptoms that are getting post-acute COVID syndrome.
They're getting this, what people call it long haul COVID. And, uh,
and the majority of people.
What is post, what is long haul COVID I.
Don't know what it is. I think it depends on the symptoms.
I think there could be a variety of causes for it. Um, you know,
so there are people in most of it's, this is happening in teenagers to like 50,
most of the people that are older are not getting this long haul code,
but it's like happening in people that are mostly not being hospitalized.
People that don't get hospitalized originally. And like,
they have mostly like pretty mild symptoms and some cases even asymptomatic,
you know,
there was a study published in the Lancet like last year
showing there is a seven fold increase in stroke incidents in people under
50 in the United States compared to the year before that,
before the pandemic start.
It's probably because the spike protein that causes this deterioration of the
blood vessels and blood clots. Is that what it is from the, from the.
Well, I don't know what it is. I mean, there's lots of things, you know,
viral infections themselves can cause hypercoagulation,
they can cause blood clots, like,
just like that's like known from other viruses.
Like that's some there's inflammation without the spike protein. So let's okay.
I feel like I haven't got to address everything, but let's talk about this.
Real quick. I think this four points out where I would find this information.
I hope that's the spot.
Yeah.
There was an average of 4.0 additional conditions or causes of death
for data on deaths involving coal.
Uh COVID-19 by time period jurisdiction and other health conditions.
This is only 5% of COVID was the only cause. And then,
so for only 5% of the COVID does COVID-19 was the only cause mentioned.
So out of those 600,000 people that died only 5% died just
from COVID-19.
Well, I mean,
so you have people that are COVID-19 is going to make their comorbidities worse
and, and that could be the same for a vaccine.
It could be the same for anything. Right. I mean,
so like something that's going to activate the immune system. Yeah.
Th the concern is, would what vaccines,
the negative effects that what people are worried about,
I think as young people that are healthy,
that have negative effects like that have had strokes,
or that have had thrombosis or mild carditis and those
issues. Right.
Well, I, you know, again, if you look at the data, you know,
young people are also experiencing those things at a higher rate and are those
all the people with the comorbidities? Like, I don't know, you know, like, I,
I'm not sure, but it seems as though no matter which way you look at it,
like it it's, it is worse to be exposed to that virus. And like,
how do you know the person that had that myocarditis wouldn't have had it X fold
worse with the, with the COVID-19, because it's been shown to happen in young,
healthy athletes, you know, and people have.
Been shown in large numbers, like the war.
More so, more.
So than the vaccines that we were saying, yes.
I'm saying that it's happening.
Myocardium is from the vaccines it's happening in younger people at a higher
rate than from the.
Do we have accurate data?
Do you think about how many myocarditus instances we have from the vaccine?
Well.
You could argue there's an under-reporting. Um, I think people,
so anyone can submit data to the, to the bears.
And I think when it comes to someone who's younger, um, they're more likely,
I mean, so healthcare professionals have to submit to the bears.
If there's like something that's,
life-threatening some which myocarditis could be,
or if it's a death or something, that's like no changes,
their daily functions like congenital effects. Yes they are.
If they are.
But if they,
how do they know that mild carditis is caused by the vaccine?
It, they don't. But if it, if the person had gotten vaccinated and by the way,
there's no time constraint, like, it's not like, oh,
if they've only been vaccinated within like two months,
like they're supposed to, they're supposed to submit to verus like,
if someone was vaccinated and then something yes.
Is there encouragement or discouragement to submit to various?
I don't know. I don't know. But I mean, you know, if you, again,
even just looking at the deaths in every age group, even like, you know,
people that are in my age group 40 to 49, you know,
there's 20,000 deaths that have been linked to the confirmed COVID 19 cases.
Whereas, you know, in fairs it's 200.
Trinity's for people with co-morbidities obviously it's a real issue.
Yeah. I don't know if that's, if that's always the case, but yes,
definitely with people with co-morbidities.
Because according to this, what we pulled up,
it's 5% that are dying just of the COVID
95% have an average of four comorbidities.
Okay. Well, if that's true for all ages, um, then, you know, yes,
people with comorbidities are more likely to die, but also younger people. I,
like I said, there are more likely to get, you know,
these long haul symptoms where I've known so many people, you know,
that they're, they've,
they've gotten like their loss of smell or taste has been like several months.
And there's now studies showing that, you know, if you,
there was a huge study out of the biobank, um,
UK biobank data where they were right before the pandemic started,
MRIs were done brain scans on like almost a thousand people.
It was like over 800. And then the pandemic hit people got COVID,
some people didn't whatever. So they brought these, these,
the same cohort of people back in for a brain scan. And, you know,
basically they corrected for people.
So they had people that they compared people that were the same age,
same gender, same sex. And, and then they, um,
also time between scans and they found that both mild and severe COVID-19
cases caused a atrophy in the gray matter region of the brain.
It was worse in people that had it more severe understandable,
but people that had mild cases that didn't go to the hospital had it, you.
Know, people did their study.
With this. It was over 800. Yeah. I mean, you know, it's, you need,
you need more data to confirm, but I mean.
People did, they stratify it by age? Did they have.
Age, gender, ethnicity, health? I don't know.
Do they have co-morbidities do they factor that in.
They had people that age,
the same age as the people didn't get COVID they didn't have it. I mean,
you know, this is several months, this is just months after I don't know about.
Did they monitor their nutrition or find out what kind of supplements?
I don't, I don't know if any of that data was, was, you know, in it, but.
It would be a factor at all.
I don't know, because I know people that supplement that exercise that have had,
um, were diagnosed with, they had a mild case and they were diagnosed with pots,
you know, posts, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome,
where their heart was racing. Like tachycardia was racing,
just calm control, like uncontrollably. They were dizzy.
Couldn't had no energy. I mean, this was months.
And they finally got to Agnos and it's like a lot of people coming out with
this, but, you know.
I know anybody that had COVID and got through it with almost no symptoms at all
and was very mild.
Um, well, yeah, no symptoms at all, but the people that I do know,
most of them had some kind of weird taste issue, like,
or smell thing for like weeks and weeks. But, um.
But yeah, anybody that didn't have that.
Um, I don't,
because most of the people I know that had it have lost their smell.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.